Welcome to the Environmental Data Science Module.

From the environmental field, we used to handle a variety of python packages that makes our workflows easy to follow. 

We handle with vector data (as shapefiles) or raster data (satellite imagery, drones, orthophotomosais), and for todays advancements, text, videos, sensor data. 

Why to have a docker container?
You might be wondering why it takes too much at first?. You arent just opening a older, you are building a professional data science lab inside your computer.  
It removes the business as usual "it works in my machine" problem. In previous cohorts students would spende the first days just trying to install depdendencies. 
Student A (mac) has error because they have a wrong python versino, student b (windows) fails because geospatial librari conflicts with their system settings
The oslution "the container"
A tool called mamba is solving a complex puzzle behind. It is downloadinng over 700 libraries (geospatial tools, AI models, vinsualizatino engines), then it packages into a container that runs in everyones machine. A pay-off that will save hours of frustration later. When you open for the second time it will be instantly, because...?. IF you make some error, just "reopen in container" by hitting?

why to have geospatial python packages?
Among different projects, the geospatial python package contains 700 libraries. We use mamba to avoid the usual conflicts when intalling geospatial librraries. You are free to make your own recipe, this is only a suggestion based on our experience in handling different type of conlicts, like....